Doc: refactoring (#1952)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/README.md

<center><img src="media/avd-logo.png" alt="Arista AVD Overview" width="800"/></center>

> **Table of Contents:**

Reviewer: I believe you removed this because it is a duplicate. May I know where the actual exists? (I am not familiar with mkdocs, so clearing few doubts)

Author: The actual TOC is created when the site is built with readthedocs and mkdocs. For example, check out this URL that is based on this PR. No TOC in the readme but is created for us within the navigation pane on the right https://ansible-avd-juliopdx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Reviewer: Awesome! This means we don't need the TOC in the files. Correct me if I am wrong.

Author: @tgodaA that is correct. Even the readme when viewed in [GitHub](https://github.blog/changelog/2021-04-13-table-of-contents-support-in-markdown-files/) will also auto create a TOC based on the headers

[Arista Networks](https://www.arista.com/) supports Ansible for managing devices running Arista's **Extensible Operating System (EOS)** natively through it's **EOS API (eAPI)** or [**CloudVision Portal (CVP)**](https://www.arista.com/en/products/eos/eos-cloudvision). This collection includes a set of Ansible roles and modules to help kick-start your automation with Arista. The various roles and templates provided are designed to be customized and extended to your needs.

Full documentation for the collection is available on read-the-docs:

> - [latest stable version](https://www.avd.sh/en/latest/)

Reviewer 2: Please point to /stable. Maybe also avoid `latest` in the link to avoid confusion.
```suggestion
- [stable version](https://www.avd.sh/en/stable/)
```

- [collection development version](https://www.avd.sh/en/devel/)

## Reference Designs

The arista.avd collection provides abstracted data models and framework to build, document, deploy and validate the following designs:

> The following table lists underlay and overlay combinations that can be leveraged to deploy a **layer three leaf spine (L3LS) Ethernet VPN (EVPN) fabric**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are the underlay and overlay combinations that can be leveraged to deploy a **layer three leaf spine (L3LS) Ethernet VPN (EVPN) fabric**:
```

## Roles Overview

> This repository provides roles for Aristas's collection, **arista.avd**, with the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository provide roles for Arista's collection, **arista.avd**, with the following content:
```

Reviewer: Either **provides role** or **provide roles**

Author: @tgodaA I feel like this could be written as "This repository provides content for Arista's **arista.avd** collection. The following roles are included.

- [**arista.avd.eos_cli_config_gen**](roles/eos_cli_config_gen/README.md) - Generate Arista EOS cli syntax and device documentation.
- [**arista.avd.eos_config_deploy_cvp**](roles/eos_config_deploy_cvp/README.md) - Deploys intended configuration via CloudVision.
- [**arista.avd.eos_config_deploy_eapi**](roles/eos_config_deploy_eapi/README.md) - Deploys intended configuration via eAPI.
- [**arista.avd.cvp_configlet_upload**](roles/cvp_configlet_upload/README.md) - Uploads configlets from a local folder to CloudVision Server.
- [**arista.avd.eos_validate_state**](roles/eos_validate_state/README.md) - Validate operational states of Arista EOS devices.
- [**arista.avd.eos_snapshot**](roles/eos_snapshot/README.md) - Collect commands on EOS devices and generate reports.
- [**arista.avd.dhcp_provisioner**](roles/dhcp_provisioner/README.md) - Configure an ISC-DHCP server to provide ZTP services and CloudVision registration.

![Arista AVD Overview](media/example-playbook-deploy-cvp.gif)

## Custom Plugins & Modules

This repository provides custom plugins for Arista's AVD collection:

- [Arista AVD Plugins](plugins/README.md)

## Installation

### Collection Installation

> Ansible Galaxy hosts all stable versions of this collection. Installation from ansible-galaxy is the most convenient approach for consuming arista.avd content. Please follow [this](https://avd.sh/en/latest/docs/installation/collection-installation.html) guide.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer relative links, so it works the same with different versions of the doc (think 3.6 vs latest vs stable vs github)
```suggestion
Ansible Galaxy hosts all stable versions of this collection. Installation from ansible-galaxy is the most convenient approach for consuming arista.avd content. Please follow [this](docs/installation/collection-installation.html) guide.
```

Author: @ClausHolbechArista Thoughts on using the html extension vs just linking to the markdown file?

Reviewer 2: Point to markdown. Then mkdocs will automatically convert the link.

### Requirements

> Please follow the [requirements](https://avd.sh/en/latest/docs/installation/requirements.html) guide to install dependencies.

Reviewer 2: I would prefer relative links, so it works the same with different versions of the doc (think 3.6 vs latest vs stable vs github)
```suggestion
Please follow the [requirements](docs/installation/requirements.html) guide to install dependencies.
```

```

> Execute eos_state_validation playbook once change control has been approved and deployed to devices in CVP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Execute eos_validate_state playbook once change control has been approved and devices are deployed via CVP.
```

!!! note
Running this playbook requires the following:

- `ansible_host` **must** be configured in your inventory for every EOS device.

> - eAPI access **must** be configured and allowed in your networks.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- eAPI access **must** be configured and allowed in your network.
```
